Hello,
I'll cut to the chase - working for Sandtown would be my dream come true. I read about the company back in January and the work coming out of your shop is phenomenal (along with your website).

I am originally from Maryland, graduated from the University of Notre Dame with a degree in mechanical engineering in 2011, and then worked as a project manager for 8 years in Indiana, solving technical problems for customers.  But in the background, a passion for wood and furniture building emerged.

I am an amateur woodworker who has fallen in love with wood and hand tools and the art of furniture building, but cannot promote myself as a craftsman (yet).  However, I believe I could bring immediate value to your company with my skillset and attitude.

I am searching for a challenging job in a fast-paced environment where I can excel with self-motivation.  because I know I can learn quickly and contribute to the company.  I am self-motivated and hold myself and my work to a very high quality standard.


Sandtown has caught my eye as an outstanding company, and I would like to inquire about a possible role with your company.  I am originally from Maryland and graduated from the University of Notre Dame with a degree in mechanical engineering in 2011.  I worked in the automotive engineering industry for 8 years as a project manager solving problems for customers, but I spend a majority of my time building my woodworking skills in pursuit of my passion.

I am currently searching for a challenging, hands-on job in a fast-paced environment.  I do not have the experience to promote myself as a craftsman or builder, but I am self-motivated, detail oriented and hold myself and my work to a high standard of quality. I am a fast learner, natural problem solver, and believe I could quickly bring value with my broad skillset including project and budget management, professionally managing customer interactions, creating and interpreting drawings, creating CAD models, web development, and standard woodworking tasks.

I would be excited to discuss how I could fit into the company and begin contributing quickly. Please let me know if you would have time to discuss more about my experience and how I could bring value to your company! I would also be happy to share a resume and/or links to pictures of of my work.

Thank you.
